Release/2.7 (#160)
Microsoft/macos-cookbook: documentation/resource_xcode.md

=====

Use the **xcode** resource to manage a single installation of Apple's Xcode IDE.

> The [**xcode**](https://github.com/Microsoft/macos-cookbook/blob/master/resources/xcode.rb) resource instance represents the state of a single Xcode installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [**xcode**](https://github.com/Microsoft/macos-cookbook/blob/master/resources/xcode.rb) resource manages the state of a single Xcode installation
```
